this vibe shout-out is brought to you by
CES performance trained specific be
prolific
hey this is mat with vite magazine here
at Marshall High School Devon
Cruickshank here he is one of the top
running backs in the city of Houston
been played yet the you ready to play
Chavez up this upcoming week yo how to
trim into season last year you
individually went for like I don't know
15 16 hundred yards what what do you
want to do you know what your personal
goals for this upcoming season I really
feel like I can reach 200 mark so 200 I
mean two thousand mark I really wanted
to go for two thousand because I feel
like it'll make a great statement in the
recruiting process mm-hmm and so that I
can do a lot more stuff on the field and
all feel too but yeah that's my really
major goal is to go for to that okay
coach says that you're you know yeah
great vision just some things you just
can't teach if you're going to run
running back growing up a you know it
since Little League and then be you know
what do you feel like your style is um
well when I was younger I kind of played
tight end I was really little I don't
know why they put me in tight end I
wanted to play running back since I've
grown up though I was like watching a
lot of running back to play the game and
sometimes I study and now I like trying
to really know what the game was about
now but um you know once I started
playing running back I really got the
hang of it and I just really i use my
vision more than just one off straight
talent i use my vision as in the running
back position that's just supposed to
and yeah i'll just go in and out my cuts
and white photo would you like to watch
now while i watched him in his college
career he went today in the field of
Muncie ball in Wisconsin yeah I really
like them here
really good and he should do a lot this
year too and i watch out for 2,000 yards
making history at Marshall High School's
damper check